all right look what came today the live
earthworms these are the red wigglers
that I'm going to add to my worm farm
and here is the bedding for the
earthworms this is just coconut fiber
this came in a block like that
and I got this with my word barn and so
all I did was I added some warm water to
a bucket about three-quarters full
and then I added the block and you could
see that it's very um broken out so I
was just checking to make sure that you
know it was warm and I want to put the
worms in there yet so I'm going to add
this to the worm farm and then I'll show
you what it looks like when I add the
worms alright so here's the worm cafe
this one's mean in Australia I decided
to get this one because they've been
making this worm farm for a long time
and this actually has a two other trace
to it but you just start off with one
tray in the beginning and this part
right here the receptacle has this is
where the tea gets collected and this
actually has a spout so I went with this
company and I added the coconut fiber
that's been broken down with the water
and then I had some veggie matter from
my garden so I went ahead and added that
and some coffee grounds and some tea and
you could basically you know now I love
it because all this stuff I can feed to
the worms and you don't I can feel like
I'm doing my part in helping the
environment out and in addition to just
helping the environment out I'm actually
going to get some benefit now here's the
worms and you'll see that you can
actually see some worms here there's
1800 of these things so if I go ahead
and Adam
to their new home and look they're
actually packed with the coconut fiber I
guess I could just add all of this you
there wiggly can you see how Wiggly they
are bring it up closer and they're just
a big heap worms don't really creep me
out as much as a rodents do so now this
has packing tape maybe I will add that
but they look really good and so I'm
going to let them enjoy their new home
and then I'm going to add some wet
newspaper on top to keep it moist um
where you want to place your worm farm
is in a area that doesn't get too much
Sun morning Sun is okay afternoon Sun is
not and so I decided this spot right
here should be fine it's a little rainy
on and off today but um I checked this
out when it was empty and there wasn't
that much water in it so I think it'll
be fine I mean the worms live in the
dirt and think about it they deal with
rain all the time so as long as there's
some decent drainage I think they'll be
fine
all right so soon I will hopefully have
some nice compost and worm tea I will
keep you updated on the worm farm by the
way the worm cafe that's in the garden
is doing really really well
the worms seem to like the cafe I check
on it periodically and every time I lift
it up I see some worms hanging around so
that's a good sign
and so if you don't want to do something
like this you might want to think about
doing the worm cafe that I did in my
garden update video I think it's number
one all right thanks a lot thanks for
watching bye